Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are finally going to be able to place our first order to do this within the material
button and within the own press block.
What we have to do first is to look over each product we have in our cart.
To do this, we have to create a follow up and we can say fovea and we can call this item.
Then this is going to be in contest contest.
And this is not going to be contest.
Watch.
And the reason for this is you cannot use the context that watch within the own press block.
So this should be either contest dot read or you can just use the provider that's of contest and you
have to set the name to equal force.
And also, we have to specify the provider we want to have access to.
Okay.
So this is going to be the cards.
Provider class.
And finally, we just have to say that gets items.
Okay.
And within this function, what we want to do is, first of all, we want to create a collection where
all our orders are going to be stored.
To do this, we're going to be needing that package known as Firebase First.
Okay.
So what we can just do in order to make our code more cleaner, we can just create a variable to store
death.
We can't screw up over.
Right.
We can then say finer and we can just go ahead and specify it is a type of firebase faster and you can
cause ripple on the score faster and it's going to be equal to Firebase.
Faster is faster than the distance.
And back to that.
Back to that.
And over here we can then call the underscore fire protestor and that collection to create a new election.
And we are going to call this collection orders.
Okay.
And also what we can do is we can store the results in a variable called order ref, which is going
to equal this.
And also it wants us to specify the type of variable.
This is a type of something known as collection reference.
Okay, great.
So this is the collection where all our orders are going to be stored, right?
So what we have to do now is to go further by saying, Order, order, ref.
Photograph.
That is this is variable.
That is variable other than the dock.
The dock is basically referring to each other.
We are going to have in that order as collection and also immediately a product is ordered.
What we want to do is to generate a unique ID for each order product.
To do this, we are going to be using that package which you have seen before, which is known as your
ID.
So over here.
For now, we can just make this late in order to say it is undefined.
That is, we do not want to assign any value to it.
It's going to be a type of string and we can call this order ID.
Okay.
Click on this.
And right before this, we can then make it define.
I think we call this order voter ID.
Okay.
It's going to be equal to the U.
ID.
You.
I'd.
You id waiting for ock and dart v for.
V for OC.
Great.
And we just have to pass the order ID.
Okay, great.
And now we have to say the asset to specify the fields we need.
Well, before then we need to have the semicolon and before going for the.
It's going to take some time in order for that order to be placed.
Right.
So what we can do is we can tell Firebase that we are ready to wait for the process.
We get to do that over here in order to easier.
Wait.
Sorry, we have to use the async over here.
And right now we can say I wait.
Okay, great.
And within the set, we have to specify the field we need.
The first field we need is going to be the CID of the user, which basically serves as the customer.
UID And I think within the field we have that CID and that was one of the reasons we needed to use a
future beta in order to have access to that customer data.
You can see why we have a variable called data, which basically we basically have access to all the
data we have over.
Right click back on this and now we can say data.
That kid.
Okay.
And also we need the name of the customer.
Customer name.
And this is going to be guitar, I think we called it.
We call this full name.
Full name.
Make sure you don't have a spending mistake as you're going to say no in the database.
We also don't need the email.
Of the user.
This is going to be data and email.
Okay.
We also do need the address of the user.
And this is going to be data.
Address.
Okay.
And we need the phone of the user.
And this is going to be data and phone.
Okay.
We also need to provide.
For FY.
Image of the user.
And this is going to be data.
And I think we call ourselves.
Image or whatever you call it.
Okay.
Image.
And we also do need the seller uid that is the product who posted it, right?
So seller erred.
And remember within the card provider class we have a property known as Seller uid.
I'm just going to show you this quickly.
Remember?
Okay.
And cut provider.
We have this, we tend to look.
Now the.
What's in the models.
Okay.
So within the product we have that code seller UID Right.
And what this product is basically doing so to access that.
We can then say item.
My time.
The seller uid animals are forgotten nowadays.
You can just go back to it.
Most of the time we need to do it up to five times in order for these codes to get used to you.
Okay.
And now we can store the product detail.
First of all, we need the product ID and basically this is going to be item.
That document ID.
Also we need the ID order, ID or ID.
And this is going to be the order.
ID.
Okay.
We also need the order image.
Basically the product image.
So this is going to be item.
That image, your URL.
And basically, we want to assess just the first image.
And.
We also didn't donate the order quantity.
Quantity.
And this is going to be.
I got.
Okay.
And now we need the order price.
For the order.
Sorry.
Order price.
For the order price.
What we can do is we can say item.
Item the quantity then times.
Times the item.
Dot price.
Okay, so let's go.
And also the space does not really matter, right?
I'm just trying to make it more cleaner.
And we can have another food court delivery.
Delivery status.
And for now, we can just set it to say prepare well.
Okay.
And we can also have the delivery.
We leave?
Very.
Date.
To date, and for now, we can just leave it empty.
And also we can have the order date.
That is the date the product is been ordered and.
We can just get the data, the dates, the current dates.
The user is ordering that product.
To do this, we have to say date time.
The time, but now, sorry, not November.
Now this is going to give us the time.
The product is being ordered.
Okay.
And we can also have the payment status.
And.
Different also for now is going to be cash on delivery.
Okay.
Let's Cisco.
And I think lastly, we can have the order review if the user has dropped a review or not and defaults,
we have to set this to force.
In the future, you're going to see fully all this.
For us.
F k.
So.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
Order a review.
We can use contrariness to save this now.
And that's good.
Right out.
Okay.
And cash on delivery.
I think when they have two product up to two products.
And that was why we have to set up the two products and that was why we have to look over each item
we have.
Okay.
Cotton delivery.
And confirm pay.
Okay.
Let's go check out to see what's going on there.
I think he's done.
We can just go to this and back to this.
You know, that's a reload.
Okay.
Simms.
Good.
We have a new order.
You can see.
Sorry.
Orders.
Okay.
You can see we have three products.
I ordered 40 products and you can see the where you can see this side of the user, you can see the
customer name, the delivery date, you can see the delivery status, the email of the user or that
the products the order date is August 30.
So I, I'm currently making this video August 30, 2022 at ten.
Or two?
Ten or two.
And you can see the order ID which was generated from the UID and you can see it is a type of string.
You can see the image of the products.
You can maybe just open this in a new tab.
It's a mixture.
Okay.
Why it is then?
You can.
Also see the prize.
The other prize, you can see the other quantity we once won.
We consider that review the payment setters.
You can also see the phone number of the user.
You can see the profile image of the user.
It's going to upon this again in a new tab to see the user or that that product.
Okay.
Cisco.
This is the image.
This is the product image.
And basically we asked for the first.
Right.
Okay.
Look, you can see.
Let's go check this.
You can see some school.